This assessment is aimed to apply the knowledge we gained throughout the first week in version control systems, using Git and Github. It gives us practical and hands-on experience for a real world case scenario. 

The steps I took to successfully create and manage branches are as follows:
1. Frist of all, I created a new repository from my Github account by following the name convention as described in the assignment: https://github.com/fdiallo/version-control-simulation-fallaye
2. Next, I used an IDE (Visual Studio code) for writing the source code by opening a folder where I want to save the work for this assessment. From that folder in the command line I cloned the repository I created from Github by running the following command: git clone git@github.com:fdiallo/version-control-simulation-fallaye.git. This command cloned the remote repository from Github into my local directory. I then cd to that directory, which became my local repository.
3. After cloning the remote repo, from my local repository in VS Code I created a new branch called feature/header by running the following command: git checkout -b feature/header
From that new branch I created an index.html file by running the command "touch index.html" and added a header section in it. I then staged that change and committed it by running the following commands: git add index.html and git commit -m "Added header section to index.html". From the feature/header branch I checkout the main branch by running the following command: git checkout -b main. 
4. Next from the main, I created a second branch named feature/footer by running the command "git checkout -b feature/footer" which created the feature/footer branch and switched me into that branch. 
From that new branch, I edited the index.html file by adding a footer section in it. I then staged and committed the changes by running the command "git add . " and "git commit -m "Added footer section to index.html" respectively. After that I switched to the feature/header branch and made some changes in the footer section to simulate a conflict.
5. I then checked out the main branch and merged the feature/footer into it. Next, I also merged the feature/header branch into the main branch which caused a merge conflict. I made the choice by keeping the incoming changes and edited the file as I wish, thus resolving the merge conflict. After resolving the merge conflict, I staged and committed the changes by running the commands "git add ." and "git commit -m "Resoled merge conflict"
6. Next, to make sure all the conflicts are resolved I ran the command "git status"
7. I finally pushed the local main branch to the remote repository by running the command "git push origin main". 
For the project reflection part, I included a markdown file named reflection.md by running the command "touch reflection.md" from my local directory. I then added my reflection in it, staged and committed the changes. Finally I pushed it to the remote repository in Github.